{
	"pubDate" : "2018-07-04T18:28:38",
	"sourceName" : "Daily Mirror Sports News",
	"sourceType" : "RSS",
	"sourceUrl" : "http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/rss.xml",
	"title" : "5 things we noticed as England undergo recovery session ahead of World Cup 2018 quarter-final with Sweden",
	"description" : "The Three Lions set-up a quarter-final match-up with Sweden after the nervy 4-3 shootout victory over Colombia",
	"url" : "https://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/5-things-noticed-england-undergo-12854326",
	"content" : "1. Who scored their penalty?
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
There might be a little bit of gloating going on in this picture.
Jordan Henderson was the only England player to miss his spot kick in Moscow, while Eric Dier held his nerve to convert the winning penalty.
Regardless of heroes or almost villains, they are both forced to take a dip in the freezing pod.
Dier almost certainly hates it.
2. Welbz chilling
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
What Danny Welbeck needs to recover from is a mystery - potentially the strain of sitting down and getting up from the bench.
Regardless the Arsenal striker is absolutely loving life in the cryotherapy chamber.
3. Relax, Harry's got it
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Harry Kane is tearing this World Cup apart, having already bagged six goals to send England to the quarter-finals.
But it looks like Southgate still has plans to get even more out of his star striker.
The Tottenham man struggled to rise above the niggling tackles and underhand tactics of the Colombians but could be allowed to flourish more against Sweden.
4. Tottenham friends
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
No wonder Dier had a face on during his ice bath experience.
His best buddy Dele Alli decided to 'cheat' on him and share his recovery with fellow Spurs star Kane.
Alli and Kane looks like a bromance waiting to explode.
5. Hero Pickford
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Jordan Pickford furthered his reputation to place himself among the greatest keepers in the world with his phenomenal one handed save and then brilliant penalty save.
It doesn't look like the new found fame has got to him at all, in fact in all the pictures from the recovery day he appears bemused by any attention.
Jesse Lingard is hoping to steal a bit of the limelight off him though...
Like us on Facebook
"
}