{
	"pubDate" : "2018-06-12T08:36:23",
	"sourceName" : "Daily Mail Sports News",
	"sourceType" : "RSS",
	"sourceUrl" : "http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/index.rss",
	"title" : "PICTURE SPECIAL: Sportsmail's guide to the 12 stunning stadiums in use at the 2018 World Cup",
	"description" : "There are 12 arenas hosting World Cup games with Moscow's Luzhniki Stadium kicking things off as well as bringing the show to and end with the final on July 15. Here's our guide to them all.",
	"url" : "http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-5746007/PICTURE-SPECIAL-Sportsmails-guide-12-stunning-stadiums-use-2018-World-Cup.html?ITO=1490&amp;ns_mchannel=rss&amp;ns_campaign=1490",
	"content" : " 
Kazan Arena
Designed by architects who helped mastermind Wembley Stadium and the Emirates, the Kazan Arena is a sturdy addition
From the air, the Kazan Arena is said to resemble a picture-perfect water lily that is found on the adjacent Kazanka river
Kazan Arena fixtures 
France v Australia Group C, 16 June
Iran v Spain, Group B, 20 June
Poland v Colombia Group H, 24 June
South Korea v GermanyGroup F, 27 June
Round of 16, 30 June
Quarter-final, 6 July
Capacity: 45,379 Opened: 2013 Team: Rubin Kazan
Apparently, when viewed from above, the Arena is meant to resemble a water lily, a reference to the adjacent Kazanka River.
The stadium has the largest outside video screen in Europe, stretching right along one side of the venue, meaning fans can watch stuff as they walk up to the Arena. Russian Premier League club Rubin Kazan have been tenants since August 2013.
But this is some journey from England fans preparing to base themselves in Saint Petersburg. Sat 800km further east than Moscow, it'll be a two hour 10 minute flight for the Thee Lions team from their  base. 
Ekaterinburg Arena
The distinctive design is particularly eye catching on a clear day and leaves plenty of chance for stars to kick it out the ground
Supporters have been advised to bring along a pair of binoculars if they should find themselves in this fascinating stand
Ekaterinburg Arena  
Egypt v Uruguay, 15 June, Group A
France v Peru, 21 June, Group C 
Japan v Senegal 24 June, Group H
Mexico v Sweden, Group F, 27 June
Capacity: 35,000 Open: 1957 (renovated 2014-2017) Team: FC Ural 
Take a deep breath. Dominated by the temporary stand, fans will get a postcard-perfect view from their seat (but players may be a tad harder to make out). 
At 1,800km from Moscow and 2,300km from Saint Petersburg, this is as far east as the World Cup gets and one England fans were more than happy to avoid - unique stand, aside. 
The flight time from Moscow is a shade over two hours or a five-hour round trip from Saint Petersburg.
FIFA stipulate stadiums must have a 35,000+ capacity - hence the unique take on increasing the attendance. Definitely the most eye-catching stadium the country will boast this tournament. 
Fisht Stadium
Named after Mount Fisht, a peak in the Caucasus mountains, this eye-catching ocean blue stadium will host six matches
Much like the Ekaterinburg Arena, those fans high up in the stands may have a job on their hands spotting their favourite stars
Fisht Stadium fixtures 
Portugal v Spain, 15 June, Group B
Belgium v Panama, 18 June, GroupG
Germany v Sweden, 23 June, Group F
Australia v Peru 26 June, Group C
Round of 16, 30 June 
Quarter-final, 7 July
Capacity: 47,659 Opened: 2013 Team: Some Russia matches  
I see what you are thinking, you need a head for heights this summer. The Fisht Stadium is no exception to that rule.
Originally built in 2014 for the Winter Olympics, the stadium has been revamped for the football festival and has been rewarded with a good number of games. 
Drawing similarities to the Etihad Stadium, home to Premier League champions Manchester City, fans will get a good view wherever they end up sat and the facilities in the surrounding area won't leave supporters dreading a trip to Sochi. 
Kaliningrad Stadium
The only stadium to be based outside of mainland Russia, the base at Kaliningrad may not prove the most exciting away day
Kaliningrad Stadium 
Croatia v Nigeria Group D, 16 June 
Serbia v Switzerland Group E, 22 June 
Spain v Morocco Group B, 25 June 
England v Belgium Group G, 28 June  
Capacity: 35,212 Opened: 2018 Team: Baltika Kaliningrad  
Unique. Not by design but in the fact that this is the only stadium based outside of mainland Russia. In a city annexed between Poland and Lithuania, Kaliningrad is where England will round off Group G against Belgium.  
Much like a number of other grounds built for the tournament, it will face a capacity reduction ahead of the new season when local club Baltika, who play in Russia's second tier, move in.
Nothing super special aesthetically and the area is far from any top travel guide but for any passionate followers of Soviet history - Kaliningrad could be the pick of the bunch. 
Spartak Stadium
Hundreds of red and white diamonds impressively make up the Spartak Moscow club crest on the exterior of the stadium 
Solid if unspectacular inside, the modern structure will host five matches in the early stages of this summer's tournament
Spartak Stadium 
Argentina v Iceland, Group D, 16 June
Poland v Senegal, Group H, 19 June
Belgium v Tunisia, Group G, 23 June
Serbia v Brazil, Group E, 27 June
Round of 16, 3 July
Capacity: 45,360 Opened: 2014 Team: Spartak Moscow and some Russia games
Group D, 16 June; Group H, 19 June; Group G, 23 June; Group E, 27 June; Round of 16, 3 July.
Spartak Moscow were probably beginning to wonder when they would get the keys to their new home. A drawn out construction process concluded four years ago and the result is a purpose-built modern stadium.
The exterior is a smart selling point, with hundreds of small red and white diamonds making up the Spartak club crest. But, these colours can be changed depending on who is playing there, much like Bayern Munich's Allianz Arena.
Five games jotted down on the calendar for this Moscow venue but nothing after the round of 16. Eyes peeled early doors for this one. 
Luzhniki Stadium
The crown in Russia's stadium jewels, the Luzhniki Stadium will play host to the final as well as six other matches this summer
Built for the big occasions, the oval arena has a mammoth 81,000 capacity and is regularly home to the Russia national team
Luzhniki Stadium 
Russia v Saudi Arabia, Group A, 14 June 
Germany v Mexico, Group F, 17 June 
Portugal v Morocco, Group B, 20 June 
Denmark v France, Group C, 26 June 
Round of 16, 1 July 
Semi-final, 11 July 
Final, 15 July 
Capacity: 81,000 Opened: 2017 (rebuilt original stadium, open 1955-2013) Team: Russia national team
Group A, 14 June; Group F, 17 June; Group B, 20 June; Group C, 26 June; Round of 16, 1 July; Semi-final, 11 July; Final, 15 July. 
Brazil had the Maracana and Russia will have the grandeur of the Luzhniki Stadium. 
Torn up in 2013, the original structure was rebuilt with an 81,000-seater stadium which looks to maintain some of the historical elements central to the old ground.
If it looks familiar that's because it is: Manchester United lifted the Champions League here in 2008 having beaten Premier League rivals Chelsea on penalties. 
Based in Moscow where tourists are spoilt for choice aside from the football, Gareth Southgate will hope his side emerge from the Luzhniki tunnel come the semi-finals and final. 
Nizhny Novgorod Stadium
A striking sea of blue and white, England will head into the stadium firm favourites when they take on an unfancied Panama 
Supporters will be hard-pressed to find a better sunset than the Nizhny Novograd behind the Alexander Nevsky Cathedral
Nizhny Novgorod Stadium 
Sweden v South Korea, Group F, 18 June
Argentina v Croatia, Group D, 21 June
England v Panama, Group G, 24 June
Switzerland v Costa Rica, Group E, 27 June
Round of 16, 1 July
Quarter-final, 6 July
Capacity: 44,899 Opened: Under construction Team: Olimpiyets Nizhny Novgorod 
Little seemed to be going straightforward for this construction when news emerged in October that a fire had broken out after polystyrene debris caught with a spark.
But the only flames likely to show up this summer are through the Instagram feeds of spectators with this vividly eye-catching stadium, located between Moscow and Kazan. 
The sinking roof is striking but could prove distracting for those towards the back of the stands although it would seem relatively difficult to find a bad seat in many of these new-build facilities.
England take on Panama at the venue and finding itself directly in the city centre as well as a one hour flight from Moscow, England fans may have lucked out here.  
Rostov Arena
A newbuild that will become the home of Rostov after the World Cup, this stadium is one of the least striking designs to date
Located close to the water, the Rostov-on-Don stadium makes for a postcard picture when it is illuminated in the evening
Rostov Arena 
Brazil v Swizterland Group E, 17 June
Uruguay v Saudi Arabia, Group A, 20 June
South Korea v Mexico, Group F, 23 June
Iceland v Croatia, Group D, 26 June
Round of 16, 2 July
Capacity: 45,000 Opened: 2018  Team: Rostov
Group E, 17 June; Group A, 20 June; Group F, 23 June; Group D, 26 June; Round of 16, 2 July. 
Rostov is not a trip for the faint-hearted - ask Manchester United fans.
The Red Devils took on the Russians in the Europa League the season before last and finding itself 1,000km south of Moscow, this one is going to take an extra dose of motivation before setting off.
One of the least daring designs from this list, it is no surprise to see this stadium brought to a halt after the round of 16.
For England fans, this one should pass them by this summer. 
Saint Petersburg Stadium
A stadium that went 548 per cent over budget, the Saint Petersburg stadium cost a whopping £1.14billion to complete
The picturesque setting will prove a big draw for supporters and should England go the distance, they may need to head here
Saint Petersburg Stadium 
Morocco v Iran, Group B, 15 June
Russia v Egypt, Group A, 19 June
Brazil v Costa Rica, Group E, 22 June
Nigeria v Argentina, Group D, 26 June
Round of 16, 3 July
Semi-final, 10 July
Third place play-off, 14 July 
Capacity: 64,287 Opened: 2017 Team: Zenit St Petersburg 
What Russian president Vladimir Putin and the World Cup organisers won't tell you is that the whole project has been an unmitigated shambles from start to finish - not much can hide a project that went 548 per cent over the initial budget. 
It is reportedly the most expensive stadium in the world at $1.5billion (£1.14bn) and it may well have been cheaper to build an actual spaceship.
Local side Zenit finally moved in back in April and it was the scene of Germany's triumph over Chile in the FIFA Confederations Cup in July.
The city itself is a big draw for supporters and it is no surprise to see it given a number of games across the tournament; if England go the distance they could end up paying the city a visit. 
Samara Arena
This visually spectacular stadium is part of a huge regeneration project in the city but England are not due to frequent here
Inspired by the Volga region's long-standing association with aerospace, there is a spaceship feel about the Samara Arena
Samara Arena 
Costa Rica v Serbia, Group E, 17 June
Denmark v Australia, Group C, 19 June
Uruguay v Russia, Group A, 21 June
Senegal v Colombia, Group H, 25 June
Round of 16, 2 July
Quarter-final, 7 July
Capacity: 44,918 Opened: Under construction Team: Kylia Sovetov
Group E, 17 June; Group A, 19 June; Group C, 21 June; Group A, 25 June; Group H, 28 June; Round of 16, 2 July; Quarter-final, 7 July. 
I know what you're thinking: galactic-spaceship-turned-football-stadium.
This particular part of the Volga region is associated with the aerospace sector and that did provide the inspiration for this uber-modern structure. 
Samara is 1,000km to the south-east of Moscow, so is likely to require a stopover, while it'll be two hours and 20 minutes on the plane for the England boys.
Indeed, it isn't too far away from the border with Kazakhstan, so this is truly one for the intrepid should England get drawn here. 
The stadium, which is the centrepiece of a massive regeneration project in the north of the city, will be home to Premier League side Krylia Sovetov after the conclusion of the World Cup. 
Mordovia Arena
A giant football on a golden spire along with the bright orange exterior - the Mordovia Arena is pretty difficult not to spot
Inside it is a theatre fit for the finest stars and yet has only been given four matches including Denmark vs Peru to kick it off
Mordovia Arena 
Peru v Denmark, Group C, 16 June
Colombia v Japan, Group H, 19 June
Iran v Portugal, Group B, 25 June
Panama v Tunisia, Group G, 28 June 
Capacity: 44,412 Opened: 2017 Team: Mordovia Saransk 
This orange and white bowl will find itself downgraded once the World Cup carnival rolls out of town. Four games is all it has been granted with Denmark vs Peru perhaps not the glamour tie they wanted to start it all off.
Saransk is the main city in the Mordovia region and is some 626km south-east of Moscow. It seems to also be the hub for industry, with mechanical engineering, metalwork and chemical plants among the main employers. 
After the tournament, local third division side Mordovia Saransk take up residency, with the capacity set to be lowered from 44,000 to 25,000, more suited to a team of their status.
The free space will go to other sports including indoor volleyball, basketball and tennis. 
Volgograd Arena
For Gareth Southgate and England, this is where the World Cup aspirations will begin when they take on a spirited Tunisia side
The striking design is sure to attract fans from all nations but it is one of the longer trips 1,000km south of Moscow
Volgograd Arena 
Tunisia v England, Group G, 18 June
Nigeria v Iceland. Group D, 22 June
Saudi Arabia v Egypt, Group A, 25 June
Japan v Poland, Group H, 28 June 
Capacity: 45,568 Opened: 2018 Team: Rotor Volgograd 
The place where England will say their World Cup title journey began, right? 
An ambitious and striking design has been pulled off superbly having been built at the foot of the Mamayev Kurgan war memorial, the city's most iconic landmark.
This towering monument of Mother Russia wielding an 11m long sword marks the bloody battle in 1943, when the city was known as Stalingrad, that turned back the German advance into Russia once and for all.
The new stadium will be home to second-tier Rotor Volgograd after the tournament, a team best known for their UEFA Cup elimination of Manchester United back in 1995.
Almost 1,000km south of Moscow, this venue will only stage group games and it's also one of the longer trips for the England team, at two hours 35 minutes.
RELATED ARTICLES
"
}