{
	"pubDate" : "2018-07-03T23:19:59",
	"sourceName" : "BBC Sport Football International News",
	"sourceType" : "RSS",
	"sourceUrl" : "http://feeds.bbci.co.uk/sport/football/rss.xml?edition=int",
	"title" : "Who had their best game in an England shirt? Player ratings v Colombia",
	"description" : "Who impressed the most as England beat Colombia on penalties to secure their place in the quarter-finals?",
	"url" : "http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/football/44704273",
	"content" : "Media playback is not supported on this device
Pickford saves, Dier scores - England win penalty shootout
Jordan Pickford (goalkeeper) 8
Criticised after Belgium but top class here. Magnificent save from Uribe that unfortunately ended with a corner that brought Colombia's equaliser, but then saved Bacca's penalty in the shootout.
Your rating: 7.11
Kieran Trippier (right wing-back) 7
Might have done better to clear Mina's header but showed nerve and maturity in penalty shootout.
Your rating: 6.88
Kyle Walker (centre-back) 6
Still growing in his unaccustomed role in a back three but his pace in a huge asset.
Your rating: 5.93
Showed real strength when the going got tough.
Your rating: 6.27
Media playback is not supported on this device
Highlights: Colombia 1-1 England (3-4 pens)
Harry Maguire (centre-back) 7
Won a lot in the air and always ready to take responsibility bringing the ball out. As well as he's played for England.
Your rating: 6.90
Ashley Young (left wing-back) 6
Started well but struggled as the game went on and got involved in needless spats - although he was not alone there.
Your rating: 5.77
Jordan Henderson (defensive midfield) 6
So industrious and will have been hugely relieved at the win after his penalty was saved.
Your rating: 6.03
Jordan Henderson was the only England player not to score in the penalty shootout
Dele Alli (attacking midfield) 5
Never looked fully fit after a recent injury and was on the margins.
Your rating: 5.03
Jesse Lingard (attacking midfield) 5
Took a couple of heavy knocks and not his usual lively self.
Your rating: 5.93
Raheem Sterling (attacking midfield) 5
Worked tirelessly once more but not quite happening at the moment.
Your rating: 4.56
Harry Kane (forward) 9
England's leader. Showed great nerve for his penalties and takes on all the responsibility with supreme character.
Your rating: 7.25
Media playback is not supported on this device
Kane puts England ahead from penalty spot
Substitutes
Eric Dier (for Dele Alli, 80mins): Mixed night after coming on. Missed a great header but what composure to score that decisive penalty. - 6
Jamie Vardy (for Raheem Sterling, 87 mins): Lots of energy and running but not quite able to summon up a goal threat. - 6
Danny Rose (for Ashley Young, 102 mins): Looked energetic and got into a good position for a late chance on goal - 6
Marcus Rashford (for Kyle Walker, 113 mins): Showed icy nerve to step forward and take a penalty - 6
England v Colombia - how did you rate the players?
Player of the match
"
}