{
	"pubDate" : "2018-07-04T15:06:14",
	"sourceName" : "Daily Mail Sports News",
	"sourceType" : "RSS",
	"sourceUrl" : "http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/index.rss",
	"title" : "World Cup's dirtiest ever matches - top 10",
	"description" : "The dramatic clash between England and Colombia was a throwback to another era with plenty of needle and eight yellow cards. But where does it rank alongside the other big battles?",
	"url" : "http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-5917219/World-Cup-big-battles-including-Jongs-kick-Alonso.html?ITO=1490&amp;ns_mchannel=rss&amp;ns_campaign=1490",
	"content" : "12 shares
6 – Portugal v Holland, 2006
What was intended to be a feast of football between Portugal's Golden Generation (Figo, Ronaldo et al) and the glamorous Dutch descended into a farce with a record number of yellow and red cards for a World Cup game.
Referee Valentin Ivanov dished out four reds and 16 yellows with the dismissals shared out between Portugal's Deco and Costinha, and Holland's Khalid Boulahrouz and Giovanni van Bronckhorst, Costinha setting the ball rolling with a sliding tackle on Dutch midfielder Philippe Cocu. The great Figo escaped with a yellow after headbutting Mark van Bommel. Portugal won 1-0 to set up a quarter-final clash against England.
Mark van Bommel and Luis Figo clash heads as they lock horns at the 2006 World Cup
5 – West Germany v Holland, 1990
The last-16 match was viewed by the two fierce rivals as a virtual final, and an unpleasant game was capped by Frank Rijkaard spitting at Germany's Rudi Voller. Rijkaard had caught Voller with a scything tackle and was accused of spitting at him in anger after receiving a yellow card.
Voller and Rijkaard then clashed again after Voller clattered into Dutch 'keeper Hans van Breukelen and Rijkaard stamped on him in retaliation. Both Voller and Rijkaard were sent off and as the Dutchman walked past his adversary he spat at him in clear view of the TV cameras.
Frank Rijkaard saw red after spitting at Germany's Rudi Voller during Holland's last-16 clash
4 – Italy v Argentina, 1982
'Stop Diego Maradona and you'll stop Argentina' were the Italian tactics, with their hard-man defender Claudio Gentile nominated as chief destroyer. Gentile committed 23 fouls on Maradona alone and was considered fortunate to stay on the pitch after being booked after 42 minutes – already the fifth caution of the game.
Ironically, it was Argentina who suffered the only sending-off – Americo Gallego punished for a blatant push – as they were beaten 2-1. Italy went on to lift the World Cup.
Americo Gallego is shown a red card following a blatant push in Argentina's 2-1 defeat by Italy
3 – England v Argentina, 1966
England manager Alf Ramsey branded Argentina 'animals' after a controversial quarter-final at Wembley that saw the South American's captain Antonio Rattin refuse to leave the pitch after being sent off.
Argentina were accused by the hosts of dirty tricks including spitting and pulling the ears of England players when the referee wasn't looking. Rattin got his marching orders after refusing to stop nagging the officials, described as 'violence of the tongue'. Ramsey banned his players for swapping shirts with their opponents after England' s 1-0 victory. 'There was a lot of commotion in the tunnel after the game,' defender George Cohen revealed later.
The referee takes a tumble as England and Argentina play out a controversial tie in 1966
2 – Spain v Holland, 2010
English referee Howard Webb handed out a World Cup final record 14 cards, including a red for Holland's Johnny Heitinga, but was still criticised for being too lenient as the Dutch abandoned their purist football to try and stop Spain's tiki-taka with a show of force.
There were five bookings in 13 minutes at one stage and Nigel de Jong was fortunate not to be red-carded for a high karate kick on Xabi Alonso that damaged his ribs. Dutch legend Johan Cruyff accused his countrymen of 'anti-football' - they regularly harangued Webb as well - and there was relief from neutrals when Spain won the final 1-0 in extra-time.
Nigel de Jong escaped a red card despite kicking Xabi Alonso in the chest in the 2010 final
1 – Italy v Chile, 1962
Christened the Battle of Santiago, television presenter David Coleman introduced 'highlights' by calling it 'the most stupid, appalling, disgusting and disgraceful exhibition of football in the history of the game'. After the first foul 12 seconds into the game, Chile players started spitting at their opponents and fights kicked off all over the pitch.
The biggest surprise was that English referee Ken Aston sent off only two players, both Italian. Chile's Sanchez escaped despite breaking the nose of an opponent with a right hook. In the aftermath, the very future of the World Cup was questioned. Aston later helped to introduce the yellow and red card system to avoid a repeat. Chile won the game 2-0 in their home tournament.
Tensions boiled over between Italy and Chile as English referee Ken Aston sent off two players
RELATED ARTICLES
"
}